# Espen
I don't have any specific experience with workflows and deploying because the undergrad research program I am in programs primarily in Unreal Engine 5 using their built-in block coding language called Blueprints. The reason this doesn't let us use things like piplines or automatic testing is because the blueprint files are saved as binaries, so merging and github reading them is impossible. As for deploying to users, because we are still in the testing and development stage, there aren't users to depoy to. The eventual plan is to put the VR game we're making on Steam or the Meta Quest store, but that's had it's own issues such as getting the program to run natively on ARM (Vulkan isn't playing nice with us).

# Giorgio
I do not have experience with continuous integration of continous delivery, I have not yet had the oppurtunity to apply that method.

# Tanner
I have experience with workflows and deploying at my part time job I've worked at for almost 3 years. I work with a small team that will collaborate on reposistories implementing new features/changes and fixing old bugs/issues. Our team will push and test all of our changes on a developmental test branch that allows us to ensure our features will work in our production environment before actually pushing the changes into production. We will typically make changes all throughout the month and then at the end of the month we will inform the rest of company of the incoming changes, and then we will push our new features/changes onto our production server for use. Unless its an urgent issue, we will hotfix the issue as soon as possible once its tested and confirmed it works. 